2012. VENEZUELA IS THE COUNTRY
WITH THE CHEAPEST GAS IN THE WORLD.
ON THE BORDER WITH COLOMBIA,
THAT SAME GAS COSTS UP TO 60 TIMES MORE.
IN THIS NO MAN'S LAND,
DARING SMUGGLERS RISK THEIR LIVES
TAKING ILLEGAL FUEL
FROM ONE COUNTRY TO ANOTHER.
PIMPINERO: BLOOD AND OIL
LA GUAJIRA, COLOMBIA
BORDER WITH VENEZUELA
Juan, I bet you a beer you won't
make it to the bridge before Polito.
Come on, Polito. Come on!
Enough bullshit. You'll blow us up.
Son of a bitch! I said slow down!
Fucker.
Come on.
-Wait. Wait.
-Careful. Careful.
Look at me. You all right?
Yes, yes.
It's another warning, Moncho.
Who the fuck told Carmelo
about the bridge?
Stop, Juan. Nobody said anything.
-You okay, Marisol?
-What do you think?
-We have to get back on the road.
-No, Juan. The cops will get us.
We won't let them. I know what to do.
Don't be stupid.
Not everyone here drives like you.
Well, what do we do?
Carmelo's guys will take us out
if we don't decide now.
-There's the Campano farm, Moncho.
-No, Ulises.
Those guys do business with Carmelo.
Plus, it's a three-hour detour.
You got a contact there, Ulises?
Just leave it.
This bastard's gonna
charge us five per car.
Fucking son of a bitch.
-What should I do?
-Come on. Let's do it.
Give me five jerry cans
and keep your mouth shut, dude.
Hey, motherfuckers. Listen up.
I'm splitting this among five
and there's eight of us.
My brothers and I won't get
any payment or commission.
It's not just the money, Moncho.
We're going down trails we don't know.
If this shit keeps up,
we'll end up in jail or in some hospital.
This job has its risks.
We all knew that from the start.
I know, but there are risks
and there are risks.
I'll always be grateful to Juan
for giving me the chance to work here.
But the business went to shit
when Carmelo took over.
We've always stood up for you.
-When did we ever let you down?
-I almost got killed today.
And I have a son.
Are you gonna take care of him?
No, Moisés.
Take a look around. Do the math.
There's eight of us. We used to be twenty.
Patch things up with Carmelo.
Happy birthday, babe.
I bought it from a guy in Maicao.
Cool music, almost 1,000 songs.
Wanna go to your house and listen to it?
I'll be good.
Thanks.
I heard they blew up the bridge.
And we had to pay off the Campanos.
That's why I didn't you bring any gas.
You don't like your gift or what?
You knew what I wanted for my birthday.
-You're still going on about that?
-Then why'd you promise me?
Marisol almost died today.
Well, that's better than
selling gas all day, right?
Diana, this isn't for city girls,
and you know it.
Ulises, I need an oil filter. You got one?
Yeah.
I'll look for it and give it
to you tomorrow, okay?
Dude? You're wearing my cologne, dude.
I'll get you another one.
-Get your own. That's why you work.
-Pay me for the beer you owe me.
-Don't act dumb.
-Asshole.
Mr. Moisés.
Did you tell Carmelo about
the bridge on the Limón trail?
Did I what?
A beer?
-Who you working for, bro?
-Oh, man.
Moisés, you have to open your eyes.
Because the Estrada Clan
won't last forever.
It's on the verge of extinction.
People in town are scared. They're afraid.
There's less and less gas and...
In fact, don't be shocked if suddenly,
I don't know,
the people get together and...
That's your warning.
Hey.
You wanna get even or what?
If you wanna get even, I got info for you.
A really big caravan from Carmelo.
Ulises, it's great that you're here.
-What's up?
-You bring the cash?
You took half our shipment
at Los Campanos.
I was gonna pay you with that.
Go cry to your mommy.
Okay, give me two weeks.
Better just give me
the keys to your wheels.
The keys to my car? And how would I work?
Watch it or he'll gouge your eyes out.
The keys, Ulises.
You got a week to get the rest
or you get out of here.
Go. The night's still young
and it'll be great, man.
Go get drunk.
Don't bother me.
-I thought you'd stood me up.
-You still mad or what?
Sort of, but it's my birthday.
Will you let me dance with you?
ESTRADA BROTHERS
-Last night's party was good, right?
-I'm young, Blanquita.
Stop horsing around.
Hey. Do you know what tattoo
you're gonna do on me?
A little butterfly.
Another one? No, Juan.
Stop doodling on yourself, Juan.
Attention. We have breaking news.
Go ahead, Juliana.
Tell us what's happening.
The customs police, in coordination
with the Tax and Customs Administration
and the national army,
performed three simultaneous operations
and seized 15 tanks of smuggled fuel.
They had the capacity
to hide close to 60,000 gallons.
In these raids,
they found 34 plastic dice,
17 filters, 470 jerry cans...
That was Don Carmelo's caravan.
Was it you?
...approximately 627 million pesos.
You know he won't let this slide, Moncho.
...the smugglers were endangering
the lives of thousands
of inhabitants of La Paz.
Motherfuckers!
Juan!
-Get inside, Juliana.
-Let's go. Let's go already.
Gentlemen.
It's an honor to stand before
the legendary Estrada Clan.
Juan.
Ulises.
-Long time, Moisés.
-How are you, Carmelo?
Not as good as you.
I need about 100 barrels of gas.
We don't have a bridge anymore.
And Villanueva needs a mechanic.
Yeah.
Want a popsicle? Popsicle?
Popsicle?
You sure?
I got pineapple, tangerine, mammee apple.
I'm gonna have one,
what with this fucking heat.
Let's see, guys.
If we keep this up,
we'll all end up like the mechanic.
-So what do you propose?
-Simple. Work for me.
What? Just ask any of my drivers.
They all have better cars
than your junkyard crap.
You know those cars are yours, not theirs.
And those guys are
up to their necks in debt.
But the runs are a lot safer.
Because the new governor
just so happens to be my buddy.
Look, I admire you guys, a lot.
Everyone around here respects you.
And I value that.
Enough to blow up a fucking bridge
and chuck a corpse onto our street?
Think of it as a partnership.
You'd keep 15% of what you get through.
Plus a regular salary.
It's much more than what you make now.
We're not for sale, motherfucker.
Your caravan leader, Marisol,
she's with me now.
And Fabián.
Polito. Mejía.
All mine.
Wanna talk it over privately?
-Why are you so quiet, Ulises?
-I think we should set our pride aside.
You really want to work for him?
-After what happened to Francisco?
-The offer's not bad.
We won't pay any more bribes.
We'll move more gasoline.
That's more money.
-However you see it, we all win.
-No, the three of us can keep it going.
Listen to what you're saying, bro.
Don't be stubborn.
You just want easy money.
You don't give a shit
about being independent, free.
Nobody's free.
Don't be naive.
Smuggling isn't the only option.
-It's all we know and we like doing it.
-No, no.
I'm sick of smelling like gas
all fucking day.
So, guys? Should I break out the whiskey?
Ulises is the only one
who accepts the offer.
What's Moisés planning on doing?
He's gonna set up
an Italian restaurant with Blanca.
At least he tried to fuck
that bastard Carmelo over with the raids.
On the other hand, that asshole Ulises...
It pisses me off
how he sold out like that.
The three of us could continue, Diana.
But you know what? It doesn't matter,
'cause I can do it alone.
Know what my dad used to say?
Going down a trail alone
is like going into the lion's den.
Give me your gun.
-Why?
-Give it to me.
-Hey. Careful or you'll break a window.
-Shut up.
Did your dad teach you?
He also taught me how to drive.
How to change a flat.
To stand up for myself.
I'm not the little city girl you say I am.
Juan, if I had the money,
I would've bought my own car.
So you're with me
just 'cause you want to smuggle gas?
Among other things.
I'll pick you up at 5:00.
Welcome to Venezuela, babe.
We're about to go back to Colombia.
-Four grand.
-Three grand.
-Yeah, okay. Deal.
-Deal.
Three grand.
Clear. We're going now.
-What's up?
-Hey, Juancho, my brother.
Hey, you brought your girlfriend.
She's Antonio Márquez's daughter.
-Did you know him?
-El Loco? Of course.
He, your brother and Don Carmelo
helped open up some trails around here.
She's pretty. She's pretty.
Well, I'm here for the usual.
Juancho, look.
We got an order that anyone
not working for Don Carmelo
can't keep buying their gas here.
I'll make an exception for today.
But now you know.
-Forty gallons, then.
-Forty gallons.
Roland. Roland!
Brother, what's with you?
Go and serve the boss.
-Go, go. Fill up 40 gallons.
-Yes. 40.
Dude, how's your sister?
Hanging in there, man. You know how it is.
If you need anything from Colombia,
just let me know.
Clonazepam.
You know you can't get that shit here.
I'll bring you some next time
I come to buy gas from you.
Fuck. Juan.
-Juan, what do I do?
-Pull over. Let me talk.
Stop, stop, stop.
Fuck. We won't buy them off with this.
Diana! Diana, what are you doing?
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Watch it!
No one's coming. Speed up. Speed up!
Fuck, you're crazy.
Anyone else would've rolled over,
and that's how these cars blow up.
But you did great.
I'm proud of you.
-Where are you coming from?
-Monte Lara.
I asked her.
Where are you going?
To Villanueva.
What happened to your car?
The cops.
No!
Gasoline!
Who are they?
Pirates.
The people around here patrol the trails.
Know what?
I prefer having these guys rob us
and not the cops or Carmelo's bastards.
Okay. Who's next?
Thank you.
The two of them would come like this,
up to their necks in mud.
They'd buy a goat from me.
They'd leave two hours later
without using
a single drop of water to clean up.
His mom too?
She ate the most,
more than any of her three sons.
No, I can't believe it.
Don't worry. I'll bring you your beer.
How come you've never brought me here?
It's really far
and I haven't come by in a long time.
But Graciela prayed for us
on our first run.
So? Did you like being a smuggler?
Honestly...
I was scared shitless.
After today, I think it's in your blood.
Like father, like daughter.
I'll let you rest.
-Thank you, Ms. Graciela.
-Thank you.
Here's where I commend my soul to God.
Close your eyes and make a wish.
And it'll come true?
Mine already came true.
Graciela gave me these.
This one's for you.
Not everyone gets them.
Thanks.
This run has been really important for me.
Listen closely, Diana.
The Estrada Clan is over.
And you need to know
that you're much better
than those fuckers who left with Carmelo.
I'll do two or three more runs.
Then we'll buy a car and set up a co-op,
or we'll smuggle just you and me.
Alone.
-And he'll let us?
-We won't ask for his permission.
And why don't we just leave?
-And go where?
-I don't know.
We can save up
for a month or two like you say,
and start a new life somewhere else.
Where, Diana?
No idea.
The world's really big. I want to see it.
And I want to see it with you.
But these trails won't
let you go that easily, right?
Wouldn't you like to do this
on the beach, Juan?
I'll do a couple more runs
and we'll use that money to leave.
Pay up, asshole!
Pay up! Pay up!
Pay up, asshole.
Pay up. Give me that. Pay me.
-Have they opened yet?
-No. Nothing.
-And the trails around the back?
-Impossible. It's complicated.
The army's everywhere.
-Well, let me know, okay?
-Yeah.
The border's hot.
We're leaving now.
We're going back. We can't cross.
We're going back.
Let's go.
Twenty-four hours after the operation...
Juancho, brother.
The clonazepam.
I also got some mesquite leaves.
Tell your sister to drink the tea
on an empty stomach for 10 days.
She'll feel better.
...the president of Venezuela,
Hugo Chávez...
You were on the news.
...ordered the closure
of the embassy in Bogotá. Patricia Uribe.
Cristina, Chávez also gave
the order to move 10 battalions
to the border with Colombia,
adding a military component
to the crisis between the two countries.
Mr. Minister of Defense,
move 10 battalions
to the border with Colombia.
Dad.
Moisés. Have you heard?
-No. What?
-They shut down the whole border.
-It's not the first or the last time.
-Yes, but Juan is at Gonzalo's place.
-Is he crossing?
-At 2:00 in the morning.
He says gas will be more expensive
with the border closed.
But I heard they've arrested
smugglers from other towns.
Sit down.
Relax. It'll be okay.
Especially if he's alone.
Juan knows the trails really well.
My dad also knew them well.
That was different.
Plus, the border's always shutting down.
There aren't always checkpoints.
Want a beer?
An aguardiente.
Okay, man. Fine. Okay.
Juancho.
Bro, the area's militarized.
You have to leave now.
-Dude, I'll get caught if I leave now.
-But I can't risk it.
Look.
Go out that way, through the soccer field.
Take the trail that goes
straight to Perico.
I know that route's longer,
but it'll be better for you.
Fine. I'll put the tires on and go.
Okay. Let me help you.
Get down! On your knees!
If it isn't mine,
it isn't anyone's, motherfuckers.
Stay still!
-Hello?
-Hi, Ulises.
Hey. I need to ask you a favor.
Bro.
Diana, put this on.
You can take it off now, Diana.
Follow me.
We'll be there soon.
Let me do the talking.
Ulises.
-Don Carmelo. How are you?
-Fine. And you?
I didn't know
you'd brought such good company.
-I'm Diana, Juan's girlfriend.
-Nice to meet you.
-Antonio Márquez's daughter.
-El Loco?
-Yes, sir.
-My, how you've grown.
I met you when you were little.
But come, have a seat.
Don Carmelo, thank you for
meeting with us to talk.
You know the story.
Yes, I heard. How's Juan?
They haven't let me see him.
They want to give him three to five years.
That's a long time, right?
Sometimes the cops
take it out on those poor kids.
No, and they go on
these crazy chases over nothing.
What's Moisés say?
Moncho doesn't know I'm here, sir.
So, what needs to be done?
Don Carmelo,
I need you to get Juan out of jail.
I know you have contacts in the police
and you know the new governor.
How about that?
Like father, like daughter.
For my buddy Antonio's daughter, anything.
But I know that this won't be free.
Or will it?
Hello.
What's up, Juli?
-Did you miss me or what?
-Of course. I was so worried.
But you gotta know I took your room
and I won't give it back.
Are you all right? Yeah?
I'm happy you're back. Come in.
Juliana, come. Leave them.
That smells good.
What are you cooking, Moncho?
Beef with onions.
Your favorite, Juan.
Now you can call yourself
a real smuggler, right?
Juliana, honey, set the table.
I'm coming.
I'll show you the tattoo I drew for you.
It turned out insane.
You'll like it. You'll like it.
It's a cobra. So fucking cool.
It's just for a little while.
While we save up to leave.
Yeah, I know. It's fine.
Are you mad at me?
I'm here with you, not on a cot in jail.
You did what you had to. I said it's fine.
I'll cuddle you.
Gentlemen. Come over here.
Move it. Quick. Quick.
I want you all to welcome
the new member of the group.
Juan Estrada.
Washed and polished. For the spoiled boy.
Now pay attention.
Ulises, Guille, Batea, El Guapo.
You'll come with Gregorio and me.
The rest will follow Marisol.
Why are they splitting us up?
Where are you going?
I don't know, bro.
But it's all good. Relax.
I'm leaving.
-When will you be back?
-Tomorrow.
What?
You want to stay with me?
Go before it gets late.
Go.
Go. You'll get me all wet. Juan.
Juan, new orders.
Get in the car and follow Gregorio.
Where are we going?
-A special shipment for Don Carmelo.
-What shipment?
Just follow orders, kid.
Go on. Ulises.
-How many are there?
-Seven. They came this morning.
They're still out of it.
Make them drink. They're dehydrated.
Let's go.
-What is this shit?
-Let's go.
Come on.
Up, up, up.
Here, Ulises.
Let's go.
Don't even think about pulling anything.
You hear me?
Move it. The caravan's leaving.
You've already smuggled people.
Yeah. But never kids, bro.
Why the fuck didn't you tell me?
Because you're a ticking time bomb, Juan.
That's how things are now. Play the game.
Take your hood off.
You want some water?
The army's up ahead.
We'll take a detour through Cerro Pintado.
I repeat, detour through Cerro Pintado.
Where are you taking me?
I'll be right back.
Juan, do you copy? Juan.
Marisol, do you copy?
Affirmative. I copy.
I'm going back. I think
something happened to Juan's truck.
Copy that.
Report back as soon as possible.
Thank you very much. See you in a bit.
Don't worry. It's my brother.
Put on the hood.
What happened? Everything okay?
-I won't deliver that girl, Ulises.
-What?
Did you hear this is
a special shipment for Don Carmelo?
She's practically the same age
as Juliana, motherfucker.
I know, I know.
What do you know about
these kids' lives in Venezuela?
Our job is to cross the border. That's it.
Whiskey, gas, anything. But not kids.
Yeah, but we don't make
our own choices anymore, Juan.
We work for an organization.
Those people got you out of jail.
Don't forget that.
Once I leave this kid somewhere safe,
Diana and I are skipping town.
Really? And then what?
What'll you do? Don Carmelo
will find you wherever you go, dude.
And he'll kill me.
Did you think about that?
-Or do you only think about yourself?
-Come with me.
Look at me. Look at me. Let's go.
Let's go and we'll figure it out.
We're brothers. We'll defend each other.
Like we've always done.
Listen, Juan.
Or keep being Carmelo's soldier
if you want.
Listen to me, Juan. Listen to me.
Dude, no, Juan. Please listen.
Listen to me, bro.
Don't do this to me.
I owe that bastard a debt.
Yeah? Help me out.
It's all I'm asking for. Help me, please.
Help me. I need...
-Moisés.
-Where's Diana?
Nana.
What's wrong?
Diana, there was an accident.
Ulises made it, but...
-Juan...
-No.
-Hello.
-What's up, Ulisito?
-Can you call back later?
-I'll be quick.
It's just to tell you that,
for the favor I did for your brother,
20% of your profits go to me.
Pay me on time every two weeks.
My deepest condolences.
For you and your family.
Mom, how'd you do it?
How'd I do what?
When Dad died.
Not knowing what happened
and just going on with your life.
I do know.
Your dad fell down a ravine.
Do you really believe that?
Because I don't.
I didn't just keep going.
Your dad died
and I had to take you to Valledupar.
But the pain becomes
more tolerable over the years.
You have to learn to live with that.
Because you're stronger.
You're stronger than you think.
How are you, Diana?
Ulises, can you take me
to where Juan died?
I don't want to go back there, Diana.
I know it's also really hard for you.
But I'm asking because I really need it.
The thing is,
that trail's really dangerous.
I don't believe Juan's car rolled over.
He never had an accident.
You saw how his body ended up, right?
Yeah.
What happened to your face?
Drunk at a cockfight.
I don't remember.
Did you know
Juan almost didn't take the deal?
What deal?
Getting out of jail in exchange
for working for Don Carmelo.
If I hadn't told him...
If I hadn't pressured him so much,
Juan would still be alive.
In jail, but alive.
It's not your fault, Diana.
Marisol.
What happened?
I want to hear it from you. You were
his friend, you were in the caravan.
Ulises realized that
Juan wasn't with the caravan,
and he called, but he didn't pick up.
So he went back
and that's when he found him.
-But was the trail really hard?
-Hard in what way?
For his car to roll over.
Juan must've been going very fast
for the gas to blow up.
-Why are you asking this?
-Did you hear the explosion?
Cars explode when they roll over, right?
Of course, Diana.
That's why it's called
the caravan of death. You know that.
What trail did you take?
Just tell me that.
For the friendship you had with him.
What are you doing here?
Do you recognize this?
It was next to Juan's truck.
Since you didn't wanna take me,
I went alone. And I found it.
Whose is it?
-How the fuck would I know?
-It was next to the truck.
-How'd you get out there?
-Know what?
I didn't see any metal drums.
I don't get how the truck
could explode like that.
Me neither. I already told you.
-Wait here, okay?
-Where are you going?
To get the key
to the fucking truck, Diana.
I'll be back.
Ulises.
How'd you get that bruise on your face?
-Where'd you get that gun?
-Tell me the truth.
Juan didn't crash.
You saw them kill him.
Tell me what happened, you son of a bitch.
Tell me what you're hiding, you bastard.
Tell me what you're hiding.
Watch it or a bullet will get out
and make you a killer.
Isn't this your sister-in-law, Ulises?
Let her go, Miguel. We were just talking.
A little birdie told me that you're asking
a lot of stupid questions around here.
Let go of me.
Looks like your problems
are piling up, Ulises.
But don't worry.
No. No.
We're all family here
and we help each other out.
Ulises. Ulises. No!
-No. Let me go. No.
-Have one.
-Come on, bitch. Have one.
-I don't want any.
Drink, bitch. It's delicious.
I don't want it. Asshole.
Let go of me, you pig.
Let me go, you son of a bitch!
Stay still. Still!
Benito.
Stop over there in
a lonely romantic spot for two.
Well, for three.
Help me get her down.
Go turn that up.
Watch out! Watch out!
Take cover! Take cover!
Get in, Miguel! Get in!
You brought a kitty.
What's its name?
-Ninja.
Well...
Come in. Welcome.
The boss wants to see you
early tomorrow, okay?
Since when are you
so chummy with Don Carmelo?
Since my son can walk thanks to him.
Easy, Diana.
Have some.
What happened?
They brought you in last night.
You were unconscious.
Why'd they bring me here?
They recognized your necklace.
Diana, Juan called me
the day of his accident.
He told me he was bringing me someone,
that he'd explain later.
Who?
I don't know.
-What else did he say?
-That he was crossing over from Venezuela.
We weren't patrolling that area
on the day you say.
Lately, there have also been
smuggler caravans bringing immigrants.
Immigrants?
Where do they take them?
I heard they're taken
to a secret camp first.
Then they're distributed.
Cocaine labs, brothels, private armies.
Carmelo's behind all that.
It was on the ground.
Thanks.
We took this from your boyfriend.
It's best you don't go back
to your town just yet.
Bro.
Come in.
What's up, Ms. Julia?
-Is Don Carmelo busy?
-No, sweetie. Go.
Then stop by the kitchen.
-I have some lunch for you.
-Thank you. Let's go.
Excuse me. Miguel.
Ulises.
How are you?
Good, sir. Thank you for the room.
It's the least I could do.
The key to my organization's success
is its harmony.
For all parties to get along.
For everyone to be happy.
I know you two have
a complicated history, right?
Friends and rivals.
But I want you to be like brothers.
That's why, from now on,
your debts to Miguel are forgiven.
Thank you very much, Don Carmelo.
Look, Ulises.
I wanted to ask you something.
This girl, El Loco's daughter,
what's her name?
-Diana.
-Right, Diana.
Do you think she'll be a problem for us?
A problem how, sir?
Turns out your idiot friend
lost her yesterday.
Now I feel like she's getting in our way.
I don't think
Diana will be a problem, sir.
But, if you want, I can keep an eye on her
and tell you if there's anything.
Excellent. All right.
I knew several smugglers were in on that.
But I didn't know
Juan and Ulises were involved.
They told me
they take immigrants to a secret camp.
Ulises must be hiding there.
Maybe.
What'll you do?
About what?
About Ulises.
Nothing.
When our mother died,
Ulises practically raised Juan.
I find it hard to believe
that he could hurt him.
Moisés, they almost
killed me in front of him.
And Ulises did nothing.
Diana, he's also my brother.
Look, Diana.
When the police caught Juan
and took him to jail, I was relieved.
I understand why you got him out,
why you struck the deal with Carmelo.
Believe me, I understand.
But Carmelo's the type
who devours everything he touches.
That guy's a cancer.
Don't worry about your mom.
-I'll look after her.
-Thank you, Moisés.
Diana?
Aunt.
Aunt. Aunt Graciela.
What's wrong?
Someone stole Yesid's motorcycle.
It was right there with the rest.
It's time for the people!
It's time for the fatherland!
It's time to resurrect Venezuela!
The Venezuelan dream has come true.
-Two blocks, then straight ahead.
-Thank you.
Long live the fatherland!
Long live Venezuela!
May God bless us all.
All right, people.
It's time to go to the trucks.
But first we'll do a search.
To the front, quick.
Hurry. I don't have all day.
Okay. Okay.
Get in, quick.
Come on. Hurry.
...Venezuela, proving they're not scared!
Now get ready.
You'll have to walk for over six hours.
Move it!
Straight ahead.
Get ready. We're gonna cross the border.
You'll be in Colombia soon,
so get a move on.
Once you're up, put your hoods on.
Hoods, everyone.
Get down.
Fast!
-Get organized, please! Get organized!
-Hurry! Hurry!
Women on this side,
men on the other side, please!
Hurry, hurry!
Come on!
People, let's go!
I repeat, women on this side,
men on this side, please!
Let's go!
People, come on. Hurry. Hurry.
Move it. Move it.
Ladies. Ladies.
Listen up. You'll spend the night here.
We'll ask for your info later
to see where you'll work, okay?
You'll arrange
your own immigration documents.
And you'll be able to see a doctor
once a month in Valledupar.
You'll work for the organization
for a year.
After that, you'll be free
to do whatever you want.
Though I'm sure
you'll want to stay with us.
You can eat today. It's completely free.
Starting tomorrow, you'll have to pay.
Understood?
Excuse me.
You think you're MacGyver or what?
Did you think
I wouldn't realize you're here?
Freeze.
Drop that.
Drop it!
-Move it. Walk!
-No!
Don Carmelo.
-Hi, Ulises. Everything okay?
-Yes, sir.
I wanted to let you know
that we found Diana.
-What do you mean, Diana?
-You heard right.
Evaristo is bringing her over here.
We found her at the camp.
-I'll see you tomorrow?
-Yes, sir.
Thanks for letting me know.
Come in.
I see you've met my mother.
-Anything else, sweetie?
-No, Mom. This is perfect.
Diana, I don't know
if you're very dumb or very brave.
Just like your dad.
All I wanted was for us
to work in peace and harmony.
You came and asked me for help with Juan.
And I helped you out of goodwill.
And now look.
That Estrada family is torn apart
and destroyed, just like yours.
It's 'cause of things like that
that your dad ended up the way he did,
riddled with bullets.
Don't you know what happened to your dad?
Seriously?
Do you actually still think
your dad was a saint?
The star smuggler everyone loved?
Well, not quite.
Your dad begged me to give him a chance,
and I helped him,
like I help everyone else.
But no amount of money was enough for him.
So he got involved in rougher shit.
You understand me?
He started running cocaine
without my permission.
Until, one day,
ambition got the better of him.
He stole a shipment and got caught.
And they killed him.
Ugly, really ugly.
Mom.
What should we do?
The girl's pretty, son.
A bit rude.
But she's pretty.
Some like them like that. Feisty.
Take her with the rest. Mom.
Put her in a dress.
Make her look like a woman.
Come on.
Coming. Coming.
You look like shit, Ulises.
What do you want, Miguel?
I heard a rumor
that you're not paying your debts.
I need my commission.
I don't owe you anything anymore.
Didn't you hear?
The thing is, Ulisillo,
that Carmelito isn't my boss.
We're just partners. Partners.
My buddy.
Okay, sure. We're even for the cockfights.
But you still owe me
for covering for your brother.
And you'll pay me right now.
This is all I have.
You smartass. Fucking asshole.
-Give me the rest, now.
-I don't have any money.
-I'll blow your brains out.
-I don't have any money, Miguel.
I have another way of paying you.
Let me show you.
Yasmira.
Evelyn.
You cut your hair.
I saw you in a picture.
Where?
Your boyfriend, or your husband, I think.
I'm not sure.
He brought me over from Venezuela.
I liked it better before.
Your hair.
So did I.
I'm Gabriela.
Diana.
He tried to help me.
Tell me what happened.
They were crossing
with me and some other kids.
And he was nice to me.
He gave me water.
And he drove away from the other trucks.
Then his brother came and they argued.
Really, Ulises?
Leave, brother. Leave and never come back.
-But I have to take the girl.
-You're not gonna touch her.
Move it, asshole.
Now I see why Angélica left you.
Because you damage everything you touch.
You don't act like our brother.
You'll end up alone like a dog.
You hear me?
Juan, I can't let her go.
Juan.
Juan!
Juan. Juan.
Juan. Juan. Juan.
Juan, wake up, man.
Juan. Juan. Wake up, idiot. Juan.
Juan. Juan. No, brother. No.
No. Let go of me!
Where are you taking me?
Let me go!
We gotta put your brother's body
in the car. Let's light a fire.
I'm sorry.
He had very pretty eyes.
You're full of surprises,
aren't you, Ulises?
So, Ulises?
Wanna make love to a lady? My treat.
Don't turn down the gift, son. Go on.
A drink.
Diana, you've got a suitor.
Don't worry. Think about something else.
Think about clouds or a river flowing.
You'll be fine.
Diana, come on. Move it.
That mouth of yours, Diana.
Fucking Juan.
I promise I'll try to behave
like a gentleman.
You remind me of an old flame.
Stubborn as a motherfucker.
Sensual.
Spread your legs, Diana, please.
Who is it?
It's me, Miguel. I got you a present.
I'll get her, boss.
Fucking cunt!
Kill that bitch!
Get down! Get down!
Motherfucker!
Fuck! They'll kill us!
Did you know that when
we put Juan's body in the truck,
he'd pissed all over himself?
And that fucking Ulises
didn't want to touch him.
How do we get there?
It's down a path near the Boquerón exit.
Next to the Venado quarry. Be careful.
It's far from your territory
and Carmelo's still there.
How many girls are there?
About twenty women and three minors.
And what are you gonna go?
I don't know.
Take care.